#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.0.5
    # via stack-data
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
babel==2.10.3
    # via sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
catboost==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2022.6.15
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
copulas==0.6.1
    # via
    #   sdmetrics
    #   sdv
coverage[toml]==6.4.1
    # via
    #   pytest-codecov
    #   pytest-cov
ctgan==0.5.1
    # via sdv
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
deepecho==0.3.0.post1
    # via sdv
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
docutils==0.17.1
    # via
    #   nbsphinx
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
executing==0.8.3
    # via stack-data
faker==9.9.1
    # via sdv
fonttools==4.33.3
    # via matplotlib
graphviz==0.20
    # via
    #   catboost
    #   sdv
identify==2.4.9
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.3
    # via requests
imagesize==1.3.0
    # via sphinx
imbalanced-learn==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
importlib-metadata==4.12.0
    # via sphinx
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.15.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==7.7.1
    # via jupyter
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbsphinx
    #   notebook
    #   sphinx
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   mlxtend
    #   pyts
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.6.1
    # via nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==7.3.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.4
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.10.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.1
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.3
    # via matplotlib
lightgbm==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
llvmlite==0.38.1
    # via numba
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.5.2
    # via
    #   catboost
    #   copulas
    #   mlxtend
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
mlxtend==0.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
nbclient==0.6.4
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   nbsphinx
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbsphinx
    #   nbstripout
    #   notebook
nbsphinx==0.8.9
    # via -r requirements.in
nbstripout==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
nest-asyncio==1.5.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.4.12
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   widgetsnbextension
numba==0.55.2
    # via pyts
numpy==1.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   copulas
    #   ctgan
    #   deepecho
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   lightgbm
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlxtend
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   pyts
    #   rdt
    #   researchpy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sdmetrics
    #   sdv
    #   statsmodels
    #   torchvision
    #   uci-dataset
    #   xgboost
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   ctgan
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   qtpy
    #   sphinx
pandas==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   copulas
    #   ctgan
    #   deepecho
    #   mlxtend
    #   rdt
    #   researchpy
    #   sdmetrics
    #   sdv
    #   statsmodels
    #   uci-dataset
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
patsy==0.5.2
    # via
    #   researchpy
    #   statsmodels
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.1.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
plotly==5.9.0
    # via catboost
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.14.1
    # via notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.30
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   rdt
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.12.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   sphinx
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
pytest==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-codecov
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-html
    #   pytest-json-report
    #   pytest-metadata
pytest-codecov==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via pytest-codecov
pytest-html==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-json-report==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-metadata==2.0.1
    # via
    #   pytest-html
    #   pytest-json-report
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   faker
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pyts==0.12.0
    # via sdmetrics
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via rdt
pyzmq==23.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.3.1
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.1.0
    # via qtconsole
rarfile==4.0
    # via uci-dataset
rdt==0.6.4
    # via
    #   ctgan
    #   sdmetrics
    #   sdv
requests==2.28.0
    # via
    #   pytest-codecov
    #   sphinx
    #   torchvision
researchpy==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ctgan
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   lightgbm
    #   mlxtend
    #   pyts
    #   rdt
    #   sdmetrics
    #   uci-dataset
scipy==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   copulas
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   lightgbm
    #   mlxtend
    #   pyts
    #   rdt
    #   researchpy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sdmetrics
    #   statsmodels
    #   uci-dataset
    #   xgboost
sdmetrics==0.4.1
    # via sdv
sdv==0.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   catboost
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==5.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbsphinx
    #   sphinx-gallery
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinx-gallery==0.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-rtd-theme==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
stack-data==0.3.0
    # via ipython
statsmodels==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   researchpy
tenacity==8.0.1
    # via plotly
terminado==0.15.0
    # via notebook
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via faker
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
torch==1.12.0
    # via
    #   ctgan
    #   deepecho
    #   sdmetrics
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.13.0
    # via ctgan
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via
    #   deepecho
    #   sdv
traitlets==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   nbsphinx
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.2.0
    # via
    #   torch
    #   torchvision
uci-dataset==0.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightgbm
widgetsnbextension==3.6.1
    # via ipywidgets
xgboost==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via uci-dataset
zipp==3.8.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
